
INSTALLATION:

To install the library of FORTRAN-callable, C-based subroutines (fcsubs),
in the simplest case, change to the fcsubs source directory, then
issue the command:

./configure

followed by the command

make

which will create the library in the form of a file lib(compname)fcsubs.a,
where (compname) is the name of a FORTRAN compiler, e.g. libg77fcsubs.a.


To install the library in the default library setting (usually /usr/local/lib)
type

make install

To install in a library directory other than the default, e.g. your own lib
directory ~/lib, use

make libdir=~/lib install
(Or, at configure time, the default libdir may be set with
./configure libdir=~/lib)

A test program will be run with the command "make test".


CONFIGURING FOR VARIOUS FORTRAN COMPILERS

Because different FORTRAN compilers use different conventions for naming
subroutines in actual libraries, the fcsubs must be configured to the
convention for the compiler being used.

The configure script will try a sequence of compiler names until it finds one
in the path on the current system that works and uses it.  For systems
with unusual compiler names, or several compilers available, you may
force the selection of a specific compiler (say, g77) at configure time with

./configure F77=g77

The compiler chosen must be in your path at configure time, so the configure
script can determine the subroutine naming conventions.

OTHER MAKE TARGETS

Unneeded object (.o) and lib (.a) files may be removed from the source
directory by typing "make clean".  Other files may be removed to return
to the distribution sate by invoking "make distclean".  Caution: this will
remove the Makefile until it is regenerated by configure.

If you want to create several libraries to use with different compilers,
use make clean, followed by ./configure F77=(next compiler name) for
each compiler.

OTHER CONFIGURE TARGETS

./configure --help 

will provide more information on the use of configure

./configure --enable-aix-64

will configure for the creation of 64-bit libraries, only on AIX
RS-6000 and PowerPC machines which support 64-bit libraries.  64-bit
library support on other machines may be added later, if needed.
